 Shard Quest storyboard
 
 PART I: The Secret is Revealed
 * The PC discovers a book in the Clock Tower written in an ancient dialect of Norman.
 * The PC takes the book to the 'Historian' in Juno. After one whole day, the 'Historian' will disappear.
 * After searching for the 'Historian' they will find remnants of the book in the trash. This will
   activate him at the Heart of Ymir.
 * The PC will find him. He talks about Ymir's Heart, Varmundt's death, the Rekenber Corporation and
   the perfect runestone.
  
 SPEECH
 Varmundt asked a strange question
 earlier in the journal: why do Normans
 fight? We despise war, but we continue
 to kill each other. Now, it is only
 obvious, right?

 MENU
 PC> What are you talking about?
 NEXT
 
 We fight because we yearn. In our hearts,
 we want to live but we truly want to die.
 Varmundt says this world was created by
 Ymir's heart and it yearns just like ours.
 It wants this world to finally die. We are
 already on the edge...
 
 MENU
 PC> That can't be true! That's wrong!
 NEXT
 
 It only makes sense! Our own bodies work
 tirelessly against us! Just like this world,
 we must have been made from the heart! Why
 should we grow close to the Gods? To ascend?
 To be lead astray from our true purpose?
 
 MENU
 PC> You're crazy...
 NEXT
 
 IF PC TRANSCENDED
 I pity you. You sought the heavens and found
 them. And for what?! To be better than your
 fellow man? To walk amongst the Gods who let
 this world rot? You are still Norman, you
 fool!
 NEXT
 
 Listen carefully: your heart is calling.
 Fall between the cracks of this world,
 descend. Then you will understand just
 like Varmundt did.
 
 MENU
 PC> ...!
 NEXT
 
 Between the head and the hands must be
 the heart.
 
 In a flash, the crazed Historian slices
 his own throat. In his last moments, he
 gasps for air eventually falling limp.
 NEXT
 
 END PART 1
 
 PART II: Calling, Yearning
 * Upon death, there is a 5% chance that an event will be triggered. Each time, the player will be
 called out signaling harmony with the abyss. On the last death, the player will be teleported to the
 deepest recesses of Gjoll Valley upon a boat. The Dark Guardian, Kades will greet them.
 
 You hear a voice in the distance.
 '...between the cracks of this world...'
 
 The historian's speech comes to mind.
 'Listen ... you will understand.'
 
 You answer but no one can hear.
 'What do you mean...?'
 
 Clearly now, everything makes sense.
 'Descend.'
 
 RESPAWN on the Gjoll River heading towards The Yawning Void, Ginnungigap
 DISABLE ALL FORMS OF TRAVEL.
 
 PART III: Where the Heart Rests
 -------------------------------
 PC: Dead, confused, and lost. He is greeted by the mysterious Kades, a cloaked figure. He speaks in a hard-to-understand,
 disjointed manner. Any questions are met with silence. Once the PC crosses into the void, he disappears. Varmundt, the
 Historian, and various other characters are found here all looking for some way to escape.
 
 Kades the Dark Guardian: A mysterious cloaked figure. He guides the PC across the rivers of Gjoll, onto a shore made of
 solid darkness. Strange shadow creatures flee and never come near the safehaven of Vanir's Landing.
 
